Custom Page Prefix Usability Fixes (#2736)
webrecorder/browsertrix: frontend/docs/docs/user-guide/workflow-setup.md

:   This scope will crawl all pages on the domain and any subdomains found. If `example.com` is set as the _Crawl Start URL_, both pages on `example.com` and `subdomain.example.com` will be crawled.

`Custom Page Prefix`

> :   This scope will crawl the _Crawl Start URL_ as well as pages from any URL that begin with the URLs listed in `URL Prefixes in Scope`. If `https://example.com/path` is set as the _Crawl Start URL_, `https://example.com/` will be automatically added to `URL Prefixes in Scope` by default, but can be removed or modified as needed.

Reviewer: This could be clarified to describe that the default behavior is to add the host, not the whole path:
```suggestion
:   This scope will crawl the _Crawl Start URL_ and then include only those pages that begin with the URLs listed in _URL Prefixes in Scope_. By default, _URL Prefixes in Scope_ will be prefilled with the prefix of the _Crawl Start URL_ to the last `/`. For example, if `https://example.com/path/page` is set as the _Crawl Start URL_, `https://example.com/path/` will be automatically added to `URL Prefixes in Scope`. This prefix can then be removed or modified as needed.
```

Author: It should actually be the path upto the last `/`, not just the host.

Author: Updated it to reflect the `/` prefix.
